(shopping cart rattling)
(baby babbling)
¿Ah, que pasa,
mijo?
(baby babbling)
(baby crying)
(gunshot)
(tires squealing)
(foot step on
ground, man sighs)
(sighs)
And where are you headed?
Thought I'd head
down to the spa.
Maybe get me one of
those seaweed wraps.
You're going to work.
Idea had crossed my mind.
Mm‐hmm.
(sighs)
You want breakfast
or something first?
We could order room service.
Oh, I'm sorry.
Does that make you nervous?
Is it too much
like a real date?
Only thing that makes me nervous
is the prices in that menu.
It's $36 for some
scrambled eggs.
We'd have to
rob a bank.
I mean, I could
be into that.
(phone ringing)
Secret phone.
Keeping the mystery
alive, huh?
Well, it's just the other guy
I have stashed across town
at the Four Seasons.
Uh‐huh.
Palmer.
Yeah, uh, I will be down
in five minutes.
(Riggs groans)
Okay, and bad news‐‐
my day off is cancelled.
Oh, just when I was getting
excited about robbing that bank.
Oh, were you?
Uh‐huh.
I got a new plan.
Mm.
I'm going to keep the room.
We are going to go to work,
do the crime solving,
and then you're going to meet me
right back here later tonight.
It's a date.
No, it's not,
but it's much closer.
Mm.
(door opens, closes)
(bell dings)
(birds singing)
"Guillermo Azoulay."
Is that a made‐up name?
TRISH:
I assure you it is not.
VIP tickets to Coachella?!
Are you kidding me?!
Who is this guy?
The biggest client at
your mama's former firm.
Not anymore.
I just got off
the phone with him,
and he fired the firm
because I left.
What?
Dad, you're
gonna die.
Two dozen Wagyu Kobe Ribeye.
That's the meat of kings.
It's‐it's like he can
read my heart.
(laughs)
What does he want?
What? What?
He offered me a job,
and he wants you
to convince me to take it.
Sold.
Mission accomplished,
Mr. Azoulay.
And he is rerouting
his private jet...
He has a private jet?
Yes, he has a private jet, and
he is rerouting it to Van Nuys
just in case I can
meet him this morning.
Okay. Let us recap here.
He runs a billion‐dollar empire,
he fired the law firm because
they did not appreciate you,
and he's rerouting his
private jet for you?
I'm thinking
I should meet the man.
Maybe you should meet
with the man.
MURTAUGH: Okay.
My work is done here.
Roger out.
(whistling)
Hey, hey, Big Rog,
you got a minute?
We really need to talk
about your palm tree.
Sorry, don't got no minutes.
Maybe you haven't
noticed, but the tree‐‐
it's dropping palm fruit,
the little berries,
all over my brand new
purchase‐‐ a fully‐restored...
1966 Mustang... convertible?
I totally forgot.
You're a big fan
of the old Mustangs, right?
(laughs)
Me?
Nah, it's‐it's just a car.
(laughs)
Just a car?
Or a work of art.
That is the
K‐code 289.
They made less than 600
of these babies.
Yeah, well, I got to go.
Hey.
You gonna do something
about the tree?
The berries, Rog‐‐ they stain.
Don't look at them as stains.
Look at them as little,
tiny works of art!
(engine revs, tires squealing)
(indistinct, quiet chatter)
1966 cherry red
Mustang convertible,
limited edition.
Oh, like the one
you got on your screensaver?
Yeah, except now, it's sitting
in McNeile's driveway.
I think he got that car
just to drive me crazy.
I got to look
at it every day!
Or you get to look
at it every day, Rog.
See, that's your problem.
You're always
a glass‐half‐empty kind of guy.
Oh, I'm the half‐empty guy?
That's some mighty rich words
coming from your mouth.
Did you have
a nice walk?
We did.
Hey, Bailey,
which one of us is more
of a half‐empty kind of guy?
Do not put her
on the spot like that.
You're just gonna get
your feelings hurt,
and then we all have
to deal with you pouty.
You guys want to hear
about the body or what?
Yes, we would love
to hear about the
body. Thank you.
A DWP crew spotted it early
this morning and called it in.
SCORSESE:
Our killer couldn't
even be bothered
to make it look like a suicide.
Hands were bound,
bag over his head.
So, what do you think? He was
hanging there all night?
SCORSESE:
It's hard to say until...
No.
He was alive this morning
at 8:00 a. m.
(camera shutter clicking)
And how would you know that?
'Cause that's when I saw him
talking to Palmer
outside our hotel.
♪ ♪
Are you okay?
(laughs)
No, I'm fine. I'm just...
I think I'm still adjusting
to the whole idea
of a job interview
at 30,000 feet.
And I can't tell you how
much I appreciate that.
The plane will drop me
in Seattle,
turn around, take you back home.
Also, I have
a parachute,
so we don't even have to land.
Oh. (laughs)
That's thoughtful, but...
I think I'm the one who's going
to need the parachute.
When I tell you
I can't take the job.
You've had other offers.
No.
Leaving the firm gave me
a chance to breathe.
Catching up with my life,
my family.
Look, I understand
putting family first.
I bought this plane
to maximize time with my own.
So, before you say no...
Job offer.
(sighs)
There's nothing written here.
Because the offer...
is whatever you want it to be.
Name it.
Salary, benefits,
take whatever time
off you need,
set your own schedule.
You're worth it.
(laughs)
I don't know what to say.
Can I give you
the best piece of advice
my dad ever gave me?
Always err
on the side of saying yes.
RIGGS:
What do we know about him?
His fingerprints peg
him as Carlos Gonzalez.
Does that name mean
anything to you?
Mm‐mm.
Well, database says that he
was a low‐level foot soldier
for Tito Flores
before he disappeared.
Had to be Palmer's informant.
I'm assuming
you called her.
Yeah. Voicemail.
Phone's turned off.
Okay, well, that means nothing.
I mean, you're hard
to reach occasionally.
Mm.
Okay.
Well, let's just swing by her
place and put your mind at ease.
I don't know
where she lives, so...
Right. But what about friends?
You know her friends, of course?
Mm‐hmm, okay, you're just...
You're taking it slow, I guess.
Um...
so, what do you know?
Well, I know where she works,
and they've been dicks
on the phone all day, so...
That means they just need to see
our smiling faces in person.
MAN:
Again,
you're not coming in because
your name's not in the system.
We told you.
The DEA agent
who would put us
into the system...
Is the individual
we're looking for.
Yes.
So if you could just please
pick up your phone
and call upstairs, we could
all go about our day.
I'm not calling anyone
because, as I said...
I swear to God if he says
we're not in the
system one more time...
one more time...
It's okay.
Just cool down.
It's... Look,
could you just tell us,
did Palmer even come
to the office today?
MAN:
No, I can't.
You want to know why?
MURTAUGH:
Now you know I am LAPD, right?
MAN:
No. I know
you're not DEA, which means
you have no
jurisdiction.
(elevator bell dings)
What's up with... these rules?
Where's your partner?
What partner?
I haven't seen Palmer all day,
but that's her desk.
I appreciate it. Thank you.
(sighs)
(computer keys clicking, beeps)
MAN:
Step away from the desk,
Detective.
MURTAUGH:
My bad.
You know what?
I did come with someone.
Detective, you're
trespassing.
Oh, no, no, no. See,
your colleague‐‐ she
fell off the map today,
so I'm doing my job, and yours.
Look, Agent Palmer
took a vacation day.
If she's not calling you back,
maybe it's because
she doesn't want to.
Having just met you,
that makes the most sense to me.
MURTAUGH:
It's okay. It's okay.
Let's calm down.
Everybody take five.
You know what?
You're right, Rog.
We're uninvited
guests in your home.
Please accept our
apologies, Larry,
and, uh, thank you
for your hospitality.
Thanks.
Unexpected tact
and restraint.
I'm impressed, Riggs.
Yeah, we don't need
that jackass.
Palmer changed the locks
on a house in Chatsworth.
Address is on the receipt.
(dog barks nearby)
Not exactly swimming
in curb appeal.
I see why you two
get along.
Palmer?
It's not her place.
It's a safe house.
(phone keypad beeping)
(line rings, phone rings)
Rog.
Palmer was here.
...I am trying to,
Detective, so back off.
Oh, now you want to help.
The time to help is when
I came to you this morning,
Look, Palmer went off the grid.
and told you Palmer was missing.
We followed protocol.
Oh, you followed protocol?
Yeah.
Riggs.
The only reason I even knew
there was a crime scene...
Was because you
stole the address
of a DEA safe house.
Enough.
Every resource
is being allocated.
The city attorney's
even on his way in.
Now, the DEA has
information for us.
We can hear it or we can
yell at each other.
Agent Chappel, please continue.
The, uh, autopsy and the
forensics from the safe house
all point to this man.
Gideon Lyon.
He's one of ours.
He's a, uh, part of a CIA group
that was sent to train
the Mexican military
to fight the cartels.
Gideon went full Kurtz.
He sold his services
to Tito Flores.
He is now in charge of the
Flores Cartel's security wing.
Gideon is maybe
the most brutal enforcer
I've come across in 20 years
of fighting drug wars.
His CIA dossier
says he enjoys delivering pain
and excels at it.
We got intel last week
that he had crossed
the border, and...
Wait. What?
Where?
Where did he cross the border?
San Diego.
So you knew this morning
he was in country
when I came in there
and walked in the office
and told you she was missing?
It would've changed nothing.
You don't know that.
Captain, what's
happening here?
Your girlfriend's dead,
Detective. Gideon
killed her before you...
Martin!
DELGADO:
I have a zero tolerance policy
for this kind
of behavior, Captain.
AVERY: I understand.
Give me a break, Ronnie.
Chappel's gonna end up getting
somebody killed.
Was I addressing
you, Detective?
Hand your gun
and your badge
to your captain.
You're suspended.
Ronnie.
Are you serious?
Your badge and your gun.
Ronnie, I am not trying
to replace her.
Okay? Palmer's
not my girlfriend.
Give me some credit.
This has nothing to do
with my daughter.
You assaulted a DEA agent.
You're lucky you're not
in a holding cell.
CAHILL:
Yes, he's here.
I'll call you back.
I heard about what happened.
Yeah. They locked me out of the
database, so if we could...
Riggs.
Palmer's still missing,
all right?
So I just need some information
on this cartel guy, Gideon.
So if you could just
make this thing work...
I can't get you onto
the database.
Okay. So you're useless to me...
perfect.
You know what? I suggest
you take a walk.
Okay? Maybe step outside
the office. Seriously.
Try the parking garage,
maybe Level D.
How's that?
Parking garage, Level D.
Thank you.
Let me guess.
You've been told
not to talk to me.
No, I can talk to you;
however, I am not allowed
to tell you
that Bailey hacked
Palmer's phone.
Or that Carlos Gonzalez
called her from Dana Point
this morning,
which is also where
a cartel gunman
was found shot dead
hours earlier.
Can't tell you that.
Interesting.
Are there any leads you're not
supposed to tell me about?
Yes. I absolutely cannot
tell you that this van
that fled the scene,
was just spotted
in Boyle Heights.
It's information
I can't divulge.
I'm gonna get you in a
lot of trouble, Roger.
Yes, you will.
You didn't happen to, uh,
bring me a bang stick,
by any chance, did you?
Absolutely not.
MURTAUGH:
So, uh...
Avery gave me an interesting
little factoid about you.
Delgado is
Miranda's father.
Not that interesting.
No, what's interesting is
you never told me that.
Yeah, well, you never asked.
Oh, come on. That can't be
your whole answer.
I mean, why would
it occur to me
to even ask you something
like that? "Hey, Riggs,
is the city attorney
your father‐in‐law?"
Rog, you're the detective, okay?
Oh, come on, man.
Fine. Hey Riggs,
is there anyone else
in local government
that's related to you?
Hey, Rog?
Hmm?
If you were a
high‐level cartel enforcer
looking for a, I don't know,
under‐the‐radar
crappy motel to hide...
MURTAUGH:
Hotel manager said
that they only rented
one room today, number 31.
RIGGS: Corner unit,
up high, makes sense.
Mm‐hmm. Hey, look.
We don't know what we're
gonna find up there,
so if you want to
hang back and...
I guess you don't.
(lock beeps)
Please don't hurt him.
Did we get the wrong room?
(gun cocking)
Are you trying to get killed?
Because it's called
"radio silence," not "radio
occasional phone calls."
One call, one call.
Oh, my God.
Okay, listen, listen.
I gave Carlos my phone before
Maria and I left the safe house.
He was supposed
to meet us here.
When I couldn't get a hold of
him, I realized they got him.
I had no idea it
was Gideon himself.
So why is Gideon
going after Maria?
He's not after Maria,
he's after her baby.
That kid is Tito Flores' son.
(baby crying nearby)
MARIA:
I was in a beauty pageant
when I was 19.
I was the runner‐up.
But lucky me,
Tito Flores
was in the audience.
He found me after
and said,
I may have come in second
but I won his heart.
How'd you not laugh in his face?
Because he's Tito Flores
and if you do that
he kills your family.
I wanted to go
to nursing school,
but instead I was Tito's
mistress for four years.
How'd you get away?
(baby fussing)
I got pregnant,
and I couldn't let my baby
grow up in that life.
My cousin, Carlos,
he‐he snuck us out,
brought us here, put me in touch
with the DEA.
It was quiet for months,
and then Tito's men found us.
The Dana Point parking lot.
You did good,
you kept him safe.
The DEA will be here,
and, uh, they're
gonna bring you in.
(phone buzzes)
It's my wife.
She had a big day.
I'm gonna take it outside.
Hey, baby.
Have we got news?
TRISH: Please hold
for Guillermo Azoulay's
new in‐house counsel.
You got the job.
(laughs)
Congratulations.
Hey, we're gonna celebrate
this weekend.
Actually, how would you like
to celebrate tonight?
In Paris.
What? Did the job come with
jet‐packs?
No. Azoulay lent me his plane.
Said we can take it anywhere we
want to for the next two days.
We land in Van Nuys
in half an hour.
Seriously?
We could really do this?
Honey, all you have to do
is get off early.
I‐I think I can swing this.
The DEA's coming to relieve us
any minute.
I can be wheels up
in 45 minutes.
"Wheels up."
Roger Mayfield Murtaugh,
(brakes squeal)
you know what a girl
likes to hear.
Honey...
I might have been a little
optimistic about 45 minutes.
I've got to run,
I'll call you back later.
Guys.
We have a rocket launcher
situation out here.
MARIA:
How did he find us?
RIGGS:
All right, look.
If Tito sent this guy
to get the kid,
he's not gonna fire that thing
in here.
So we've got time.
He will. He'll have orders
to kill Roberto
if he can't bring him back.
Who knew where you were going?
What? You think we led him here?
You think you didn't?
Hey, hey. Let's
debate later, okay?
Right now we got to figure out
another exit out of here.
(phone ringing)
Hello.
GIDEON: You have 60 seconds
to give me the child
or everyone dies.
Is this housekeeping?
We have been trying to reach
you guys all day.
We need towels up in room 31.
Could you send some up, please?
Okay. We're out of time,
we've got to go.
Who am I speaking to?
Oh, and I am so confused about
the towel policy. I'm just...
You don't sound like DEA.
Local police, maybe?
RIGGS: So here's my thing,
so if I‐‐ if the towels
I want to keep,
I hang up, and the towels
that I, what? That‐that you guys
are supposed to take to wash,
those towels I hang up?
I don't‐‐ I‐I'm just confused
at which towels to hang up.
30 seconds, policeman.
RIGGS: And also, which ones
do I actually get to keep?
Do I get to take them home?
How does that work?
Hey, I got a tip for you.
Try to die
in the initial explosion.
Don't linger.
Not paying you enough
to be burned alive.
Hey, Gideon,
when you love what you do,
you do it for free, right?
(gunfire)
You good?
Yeah. You good?
(gunfire)
(grunts)
Run. Run.
(whooshing)
(boom)
(phone rings)
MURTAUGH:
Hey, Captain. Pretend I'm Todd.
Hi, Todd. Honey.
I'm kinda busy right now,
but it's really good
to hear your voice.
What's going on?
(whispering): It's Todd.
It's Todd.
MURTAUGH:
Gideon Lyon
just blew up
a damn motel, okay?
We have Tito's kid
and the mother.
We're safe, but somebody
knew where we were.
We have a big‐ass leak.
(sirens wailing)
(tires screech)
(siren stops)
Hands on your head! Now!
Easy, Officer.
Everything's under control.
Put the weapon down!
I'm a contractor.
This was a scheduled demolition.
Shut up
and get on the ground!
I have my permit right here.
(gunshots)
Sorry the place is a mess.
The cleaning service
that I hired,
they're just...
they're terrible.
You know, they don't show up
when they're supposed to.
Well, it's actually a lot better
than I thought it would be.
Although I had you
pegged correctly.
A man that owns more guns
than dishes.
Well...
(grunts)
...my theory's always been,
how many dishes
does a guy really need?
Right?
So, for today's festivities,
you know, I was thinking
of going with, like, a long gun.
So would you go
with the Compressor
or the M40?
That is not even a question.
The .308.
That's just me though.
Although if you don't have
a zero stop on your optics,
honey, what's the point?
I'm sorry, are you suggesting
that I have outdated optics?
Prove me wrong.
Around here somewhere...
(clattering, clanging)
Is that your wife?
Yeah.
Told you.
(crying)
He's too excited
to sleep.
Happens every time we move.
I got something
for that.
This is a lifesaver right here.
Puts Harper
right to sleep.
(soft lullaby playing)
It's like, uh,
baby Ambien.
Roberto had all this and more
before I took him away.
He never even got
to make a choice.
He's not supposed to.
We make choices for them.
That's the gig.
What if I was wrong
and all I've done
is turn him into a target?
I almost got him killed today.
The man Tito sent
will never stop looking for us.
Yeah, well,
that's why we're gonna stop him.
How?
Riggs and Palmer
have a plan.
I don't know all the details,
but Riggs assures me
that I'm gonna love it.
(siren wailing in distance)
So, uh,
I'm starting to feel like
this is not such a great plan.
All the best plans feel
like that, Rog.
That's how you know
it's a great plan.
I'm not sure that's true.
(phone ringing)
Hello?
Hey, baby, I just landed
at Van Nuys.
Where are you?
Oh, you know,
holding a fake baby,
sitting in
a deserted parking lot,
waiting on some cartel guys
to come shoot at me.
Roger,
is it possible I misunderstood
any of those words?
RIGGS: Come on, Rog,
don't worry the woman.
Tell her you're wearing a vest.
Riggs said to tell you
that I'm wearing
a bulletproof vest.
Oh, that's great. What
if they shoot you in the head?
Hey, Riggs, what
if they shoot me in the head?
I mean, do you...
do you want to wear a helmet?
I mean, seems like it'd be
a little obvious, Rog, you know?
Riggs said the helmet
would be obvious.
I'm not sure I agree with that.
Roger, the plane is refueling.
We won't make it to Paris
by dinner.
But if we leave
in the next hour,
we can wake up on
the Champs‐Elysées by breakfast.
Huh? How does that sound?
That sounds amazing.
But I, uh...
I don't think I'm gonna make it.
Okay.
I get it.
(exhales)
It was a pipe dream.
I mean,
who can just drop everything,
right, and fly to Paris?
That's not our life, right?
I wish it was.
Riggs,
I know you can hear me.
I will understand
my husband being late,
but I will not accept
a late husband.
Yes, ma'am.
Hey, Riggs,
next time,
why don't you be in the field
and let me be up
in the cheap seats?
Oh, come on, Rog.
You're gonna be fine.
You're bulletproof.
Mm, I don't feel bulletproof.
You got to believe
you're bulletproof.
That's what makes you
bulletproof.
Again, that is
dangerously not true.
Hey, Rog,
take a deep breath.
Bad guys approaching.
(engine revving)
I gave up Paris for this?
Stupid.
All right, shoot 'em.
Not yet. Just a little closer.
They're close enough.
Shoot 'em.
Three...
...two...
(tires screech)
What's going on?
Why are they turning around?
(tires screech)
Somehow they know
you don't have the baby.
Well, how the hell
did they know that?
(phone ringing)
Don't answer that.
Maria, what are you doing?
I can't make him live
like this anymore.
I called Tito.
I made arrangements.
I'm giving Roberto back to him.
Maria, honey, you're making
a really big mistake.
My baby deserves a chance.
Turn around.
Maria...
I'm sorry.
(grunts)
(phone ringing)
Your house.
Yeah.
I need you need to find
my phone. The burner phone.
Maria's on her way
to take the baby to Tito.
Wait a minute, what...
how did that happen?
She sandbagged me, okay?
Just leave it at that.
But I need you to find my phone.
And she took the van, too.
So I don't have a car.
Can you...
Track the phone, find Maria.
On it.
Hey, Palmer.
What?
You okay?
Well, I've been better.
Go find Maria.
(beeps)
(siren wailing in distance)
I tracked Palmer's phone.
Maria's heading
for the convention center.
Todd, speaking
of modern urban architecture,
you should check out
the convention center.
Yes, the L. A. Convention Center.
Okay.
(beeps)
Okay, I know that wasn't Todd,
and I'm the only one in here.
So who are you performing for?
I think I just like doing it.
Okay, that's weird,
but whatever.
Well, you might want
to call Todd back,
because that info
you asked for...
Outgoing calls
from our bullpen?
I noticed
two curious international calls
from one particular extension.
We have a leak,
don't we, Captain?
Which extension?
What the hell
is your problem?
Who have you been talking to?
Your idiots lost our asset.
I'm trying to coordinate
a response.
By calling Tito's people
and sharing every move we make?
I don't have time for this crap.
(groans)
Take his gun
and cuff him.
(handcuffs clacking)
(indistinct chatter)
ANNOUNCER: Welcome
to the United States citizenship
and naturalization ceremony.
Once you have checked in,
we invite you to take
a seat in Row B.
(crying)
(announcer speaking in Spanish)
Found her.
I was supposed to meet Gideon.
Don't worry.
He's watching.
Hola, Roberto.
(fussing)
Your dad misses you.
Hey, wait, Rog.
Gideon's here.
Up high.
How do you know that?
'Cause that's where I'd be,
with a sniper rifle.
If anything happens to him...
He's got nothing to worry about.
You, on the other hand,
Tito's got a
message for you.
You're not getting
out of here alive.
(speaking inaudibly)
MURTAUGH:
We're out of time, Riggs.
They're about to kill her.
Rog...
I feel bulletproof.
(indistinct shouting)
(man groans)
(two gunshots)
(people screaming and shouting)
(gunfire)
(gunshot ricochets)
(hissing, people yelling)
(gunshot)
My baby!
(groaning)
(gunshot)
(laughs)
It's okay.
We got him.
(people shouting and screaming)
(engine revving, thudding,
tires squealing)
(groans, coughs)
So, what?
That's just, uh, your thing?
You just run over
bad guys?
You go with what works.
Yeah?
(groans)
(baby coos)
You ready?
I know I owe you
both an apology.
I can't tell you
how sorry I am for almost
messing everything up.
Apology accepted. I understand
why you did what you did.
And it all worked
out‐‐ good guys won.
That's right, especially
that little guy right here.
(cooing)
I know I'll always be
looking over my shoulder
for the next person
Tito sends for him, but
you were right.
That's the job.
And you're very good at it.
Remember that.
(engine starting)
Seriously, honest truth,
you know anything about this?
Nope, not a thing.
But look at it this way.
There's only 600 of those
in the whole wide world.
But how many of them
look like that?
That, my friend,
is a work of art.
AVERY:
Pretty amazing
how Murtaugh was able to
single‐handedly take down Gideon
and two gunmen
all by himself.
Yeah. I'm really proud of him.
You know, he's come a long way.
I heard he had
a little help from Palmer.
I mean, that's what
I hear, you know?
Just... just Palmer?
Well, I mean, who else?
I was suspended,
so, therefore, I didn't
have a weapon, and I mean,
where would I find a gun?
Yeah, I'm not‐not buying that
at all.
Hmm.
Really. Um, but
I will accept it,
because Gideon is in custody,
and our leak is plugged.
(sighs)
Now, the city attorney would
like to have a word with you,
so I will give
you the office.
Please try not to
break anything?
Great.
Thank you.
It wasn't personal.
It was policy.
And I wanted
to protect you.
I know how you react
when people you care for
are threatened, hurt,
or worse.
Look, the situation
with Palmer‐‐
it's not what you think.
For your sake...
I hope it is.
For what it's worth,
I approve.
♪ You were alone... ♪
I appreciate that.
Although...
(clears his throat)
I'm not sure if I'm, uh,
ready to care for someone.
You know?
Life moves in one
direction, Martin.
You should
move with it.
(phone ringing)
Palmer.
Riggs.
Yeah, I recognize the growl.
What's up?
♪ All on your own ♪
Are you hungry?
I'm always hungry.
You want to, uh‐‐
I don't know‐‐
maybe go to dinner tonight?
Where?
Restaurant.
Eat‐in or take‐out?
Eat‐in.
Yeah, I could be interested
in that.
♪ You've drunk it down ♪
♪ And you've spat it out... ♪
Okay.
It's a date.
WOMAN:
Palmer?
Yeah.
Glad I caught you. I've got
that file you requested.
♪ We all need someone to stay ♪
♪ We all need someone
to stay... ♪
(humming)
Thank you, my lady,
for the dance.
You're a wonderful partner.
(groans softly)
♪ Will you fix me up? ♪
♪ Will you show me hope? ♪
TRISH:
Hello! Anyone home?
Hey, we're upstairs!
Your mommy's private jet
just landed.
(Trish laughs, Riana chatters)
Oh, yeah.
Hi, baby.
Hey.
So, how was it?
RIANA:
Awesome.
I love Las Vegas.
That Paris Casino was
just like being in Paris.
Without actually
being in Paris.
I'm saving
the real thing for you.
Mmm.
(Riana laughs)
I got to go insta my loot.
All right.
So... how was your day?
Uh, I survived.
As promised.
Oh.
MURTAUGH:
I'm sorry about Paris.
I mean, I wanted
to go, but...
Honey.
I know. Life got in the way.
(sighs)
Just undid all my work.
(laughs)
Stop.
You don't have
to apologize. I get it.
Hey, you take her.
Right now it's me and
you against the world.
It's me and you
against the world.
Hmm? Me, me, me.
Rog?
Do something for me.
Hmm.
Try not to miss too much.
You are a great husband,
and a great cop.
And that job
will always come first,
but it comes at a cost.
20 years from now,
let's not look back
and be sorry
about what you missed.
Sometimes, err on the side
of saying yes.
Yes.
I love you.
I love you, too.
I'm gonna go unpack.
Meet you in our room?
Mm‐hmm, yes, yes, I will.
(laughing)
♪ Can you keep me close? ♪
♪ Can you love me most? ♪
(quiet chatter)
Hey.
Hi. I'm sorry
I'm late.
Oh, no worries.
So, they have tater tots
as appetizers here, so this is
basically, like,
my favorite restaurant, so...
What's up?
Something wrong?
I have to tell you something,
and I think once I do,
you're not gonna
want me to stay.
Well, I doubt that,
but you can give it a shot.
When I was in your trailer
and I saw the photo
of your wife Miranda,
I thought I
recognized her,
like I'd seen her before.
And I should have said
something to you, but I didn't.
I was really
hoping I was wrong,
but it turns out, uh...
Where have you seen her before?
In a DEA file.
Ten months ago, uh,
Mexican police
raided the house
of a known cartel
hit man in Juarez,
and it was Gideon Lyon's house.
Gideon escaped,
but they were able
to recover documents
and e‐mails and photos
of murder victims
and assigned hits,
hard targets of the cartel.
(sighs)
And her photo's in there?
Your wife's death
wasn't an accident.
(laughs)
I think Gideon killed her.
(plate rattles)
(sighs)
(clears his throat)
I'm sorry.